Hello friends with you today
there will be an unscheduled series
dedicated to what I will try as
can last longer in mode
police prosecution i mean i am now
feast kill dohrena people as a result
what killed do not kill dohrena much
people including policemen a little
such a boom that along with the weapon loaded
in principle, so much is there something
I don't even have a shop
an alarm with the head is not friendly I will now
run into doing any immoral
pancake pieces tricks whereby me
on any will the police will chase and we
make friends make friends damn and also will
any nonsense to do and so on in general
then I know that many may like
only I freon someone that is this
a series of freestyle series that missing
without any nonsense
what
damn I love this not care that we can
take the car your memory
modern cars malakhov all
but this one I'll take a ride
what is it that wants to say against
come on dog
came here greets you here even ah tyzh
I wanted to raise my hand and well yes
went into everything started shooting let's go
oh tyzh damn so let's start with a gun
perhaps look kacha
But she on it and from
went straight as you know in the trailer
there are two
example opens from cops tyzh pancake
aviator
everyone defined health
so the sea ​​trap from the barricade to yes me
don't care
the car led a little word
when you park us so your
to shoot
surrendered and for ta-ta-ta-ta-ta ran
ran ran
dresses
the form
damn freaking golf club or what is it
general local code
the length of the beam is shot from the air cuckoo
weight on what is the maximum
the number of stars apparently 5 but
you never know
gave for
1 already the special forces left not really me
I will say positive news in nifiga myself
Wows Wicked Thorns
spikes
freaking helicopter baikal shelter me
for a second the power is the power from the car
do you want a piece of me o hostess okay
live
maid damn the door is closed
baikal michael michael de helicopter he
somewhere svirko
damn fuck there armor of course the question is yes
here of course super abilities here
ok ok one more
the bird fell and where else
helicopter one flies not
you then get someone back there with
back came
infection
go in my not got not surrounded
legend dashutka who bent me
so here and so here friends if you
want more of these clips put
like write unsubscribe do not like
like not so on and on and on
subscribe sardik